Add a payload argument to message dialog callbacks (#17660)
nvaccess/nvda: projectDocs/dev/developerGuide/developerGuide.md

If none of the standard `ReturnCode` values are suitable for your button, you may also use `ReturnCode.CUSTOM_1` through `ReturnCode.CUSTOM_5`, which will not conflict with any built-in identifiers.

#### Callbacks

A convenient way of responding to button presses, especially for non-modal message dialogs, is to attach callbacks to the buttons.
This is achieved by passing a `callback` function to `addButton`, `addButtons`, or any of the add button helpers.

A callback should be a function which accepts exactly one positional argument.

> When called, a `Payload` datastructure will be passed in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When called, a `Payload` data structure will be passed in.
```
